# final-project
I designed a fun and engaging personality quiz web application called "IN THE NIGHT GARDEN CHARACTER QUIZ". The web application is built using Vue.js and Firebase, allowing users to discover which character from In the Night Garden they most resemble based on their answers to a 10-question quiz.

The core design concepts include the following aspects: First, a complete user authentication and management system allows users to register and log in with a username and password, and all information is securely stored in the Firebase database. Secondly, as users take the personality test, all answers and results are stored in Firebase in real time and users can view all their past test results on their personal home pages. Finally, users can search for other users by username to view their test results and check compatibility between them, increasing connection and interaction between users. In addition, the app has a bonus feature: when users view the results of others, the system automatically records this behaviour and uploads it to Firebase. Then, a notification would appear on the home page of the user whose results were viewed, informing them that someone is interested in their results, further encouraging interaction between users.

The entire application architecture prioritises data persistence and a smooth user experience. By integrating Firebase, real-time data synchronisation is achieved, making the characteristic exploration experience both personalised and socially interactive.
